feat: add `blas/ext/axpb` (#12861)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/blas/ext/axpb/docs/repl.txt

{{alias}}( x, alpha, beta[, options] )
    Multiplies each element in an input ndarray by a scalar constant and adds a
    scalar constant to each result along one or more ndarray dimensions.

    The function performs the operation in-place and thus mutates the input
    ndarray.

    Parameters
    ----------
    x: ndarray

>         Input array. Must have a floating-point or "generic" data type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Input array. Must have a numeric or "generic" data type.
```

>     alpha: ndarray|number

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    alpha: ndarray|number|ComplexLike
```

        Scalar constant to multiply. May be either a scalar value, or an ndarray

>         having a floating-point or "generic" data type. If provided an ndarray,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        having a numeric or "generic" data type. If provided an ndarray,
```

Given this change, you'll need to rewrap this description.

        the value must have a shape which is broadcast compatible with the
        complement of the shape defined by `options.dims`. For example, given
        the input shape `[2, 3, 4]` and `options.dims=[0]`, an ndarray alpha
        must have a shape which is broadcast compatible with the shape `[3, 4]`.
        Similarly, when performing the operation over all elements in a provided
        input ndarray, an ndarray alpha must be a zero-dimensional ndarray.

>     beta: ndarray|number

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    beta: ndarray|number|ComplexLike
```

        Scalar constant to add. May be either a scalar value, or an ndarray

>         having a floating-point or "generic" data type. Broadcasting semantics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        having a numeric or "generic" data type. Broadcasting semantics
```

Rewrap.

>         are the same as for alpha.

Reviewer: I would just copy, paste, and modify the broadcasting semantics description from `alpha`. This makes very explicit that broadcasting is purely related to `x` and `options.dims`, and that there are no broadcasting semantics between `alpha` and `beta`.

    options: Object (optional)
        Function options.

    options.dims: Array<integer> (optional)

>         List of dimensions over which to perform operation. If not provided, the

Reviewer: This means "flattening" during the operation, which I think is the right behavior, by default, for this API.

> {{alias}}( x[, alpha][, beta][, options] )

Reviewer: Yeah, this sort of signature is going to lead to all sorts of argument juggling, especially as you have no way of distinguishing between `alpha` and `beta` when wanting to only provide `beta`.

TL;DR: make `alpha` and `beta` mandatory arguments, similar to have the `searchElement` argument in `index-of` is mandatory.
